# Multi-scale-Graph-Sample-and-Aggregate-Network-with-Context-Aware-Learning-for-Hyperspectral-Image-C
DOI: 10.1109/LGRS.2021.3062944 Abstract—Recently, graph convolutional network (GCN) has achieved promising results in hyperspectral image (HSI) classification. However, GCN is a transductive learning method, which is difficult to aggregate the new node. Besides, the existing GCN-based methods divide graph construction and graph classification into two stages ignoring the influence of constructed graph error on classification results. Moreover, the available GCN-based methods fail to understand the global and contextual information of the graph. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-scale graph sample and aggregate network with context-aware learning method (MSAGE-CAL) for HSI classification. The proposed network adopts multi-scale graph sample and aggregate network(graphSAGE) to learn the multi-scale features from the local regions graph, which improves the diversity of network input information and effectively solves the impact of original input graph errors on classification. By employing context-aware mechanism to characterize the importance among spatially neighboring regions, deep contextual and global information of the graph can be learned automatically by focusing on important spatial targets. Meanwhile, the graph structure is reconstructed automatically based on the classified objects as network training, which is able to effectively reduce the influence of the initial graph error on the classification result. Extensive experiments are conducted on three real hyperspectral image datasets, which are demonstrated to outperform the compared state-of-the-art methods. Index Terms—Graph convolutional network, hyper-spectral image classification, multi-scale graph, deep contextual.
